as international icon Cristiano Ronaldo
and Azrael Madrid mates are in the
desert us both sides go right shows
magnificent 60 goals last season and
although was not in the starting eleven
for their midweek friendly in Los
Angeles and they took care of making a
continued impression with your who made
any offseason moves as of yet another
strike smile deflecting that should be
the second core of the game
quite on the transfer front and there's
those that are saying what do they
really need to improve on at a hundred
points all the gold they scored made it
to the semis of the Champions League do
you subscribe to that or do you think
they need one has reneged on that so
very interesting situation developing
their little bit too much on it rascal
room so far I see yeah just got a job so
far because they try do something
special there just been a strike
aesthetic difficult for him because he
is a special player you see the mode but
it was always a green shirt said that
the hometown kid talked about his back
to those things but the time
of him being up front being the
responsibility guy coming through then
we decide for you if he's playing in
this team and this late they should be
not that big to mention to him will he
be on that roster I'm hoping so and I
think he should be you know I talked to
him for a game communication comes from
information that Hercules was willing to
give up to me so that that's
discouraging you hope that the manager
is responsive in contact with his
players and find out how they do on it
especially when they're doing well they
need that little say hey as your manager
I'm watching this night it's nobody gone
from me steps three four five and then
there's the classic stance
this is very kick
bitches asked him do you see him back it
up though that would have been his
target spot but still the love the ball
works well in small dose and shares the
longtime Mexican yet
of CinemaCon significance
said you wanna put them in order the
bestest ever goes for
although maybe the best attacker in the
game and lost that one
I left a divot as well I said go back
and find it
you can see they just caught it you see
a little seam right there just there's
bubbles oh he has himself to blame there
he is the entertainer though he knows
all eyes are on them at all Tate
exposure on and off the field and
obviously beckham's time is totally
coming to an end Rinaldo offside flag
comes up in play here
we started all five games at Euro kick
every person when he just fell over say
even spawn finding ye
yes it will after the poor
this might take you
when all those gonna have a moment it
has not been the best of games for thus
far there's a typo like right yet to
look at them against it really
here's Ronaldo taking the shot he ye
it's
Reynaldo finishing his Laurent and
something little bump in the box nothing
happening Place de la Rosa let'slet's
Ferguson meant to look to the
destruction
pretty good sentences dedicated to the
speak Pashto he's got some strength in
the family as well as younger brother
Ulysses yesterday then his UFC debut of
great class the Staples Center got
knocked out even though
he was the favorite but he works out
with his brother mr. canoes so goes up
some straight bills up some stamina
Reynaldo lurking over another free kick
after being found right here that many
games like this I'm gonna have the four
step drop and then the spread there we
go every time I winding up the 49 yard
field goal with the steps the measured
steps it's not idle come I apologize
neither those describe
he loves his mom absolutely loves it
watch the cameras trash into the wall
trap
it's expensive left back
using that many a woman
in the box keeps alive
yes
and although the service
trout strike from Javy Alonso Suarez
equalizing in the 26 maybe the
goalkeeper who that's where we're seeing
maybe a little bit with Joyner city
surface hands on their feet as Reynaldo
slices and dices and sends that one
but sincere point there at the difficult
surface tonight is not dissimilar from
any field that you'll see in Mexico a
little bit of flash here this is what
you wait for from the number seven this
is in a compromising position he's got
that little changeup in maybe one or two
pliers in the world that can do that
when I'm up against an opponent and
shift it all around with confidence
Zephyr that no respect Eclair
in Mexico the CONCACAF region Sanchez